What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
What were you like as a child or teenager?
If you could come back to life as an animal what animal would you be?
Do you have any siblings?
What is a tradition your family had when you were a kid?
What is the best single piece of advice you've ever received?
Do you have any trips planned?
What is the best advice you've received?
What's your guilty pleasure?
Any good movies you want to see that are out right now?
In one word, how would you describe yourself?
Did you grow up around here?
Are you a cat person, a dog person, both or neither?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
What was your favorite year and why?
Is there a documentary or book that really changed the way you thought about something?
What did you do last weekend?
Who's the most interesting person you know?
Describe your ideal date What's your favourite food/cuisine?
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change one physical & non physical thing about yourself, what would it be?
Has a celebrity's death ever caused you to cry?
What's the most silly thing you ever bought?
Do you have any dating dealbreakers?
What drives you to do what you do? What motivates you?
What's the last funny prank you pulled on a friend or family member?
Do you speak any other languages?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
What is a piece of advice that you were given that if you listened to it, you would not be where you are today?
What's the last trip you took?
Who do you look up to of the same sex?
What's one fear you know is holding you back?
In one sentence what is your biggest concern right now?
What's the one thing you want to do but haven't yet?
What is the proudest moment or greatest achievement of your life so far?
If you didn't have to work, what would you do for a living?
Are you a big social media person?
What's the first law you'd pass if you became Prime Minister?
What is something about you that would surprise me?
If you could rewind time, what one moment would you want to relive?
On a scale of one to ten, how happy are you? (Then sit silent and wait for their answer. The pause is important).
Are you reading anything good right now?
What was the most memorable family trip you took as a kid?
If you had to be a vegetable, which vegetable would you least like to be?
Do you have a ‘type' when it comes to partners?
When you were younger, what did you want to be when you grew up?
(controversial!) What was your favourite ever gig?
Describe your perfect mate in one sentence.
What was the last dream you had?
What is your absolute dream job?
What's the best advice you were ever given?
What kind of hobbies do you enjoy?
If you could be anyone for a day, who would it be?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to you?
What do your parents do for a living?
Do you believe in ghosts?
If you could only keep one book you currently own, what would it be?
What do you do when you feel like giving up?
Do you have any awkward family traditions?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Have you ever kept a New Year's resolution?
How would your best friends describe you?
Have you traveled anywhere really cool lately?
Do you listen to any podcasts?
What's the most important thing on your bucket list?
Who is your role model of the opposite sex?
What should I know about you that I would never think to ask about?
In your opinion, what is the best Disney movie to come out since Disney's Golden Age?
When you were a kid, what did you hope to do when you grew up?
What is your favorite thing to cook?
Who is your favorite band or musician?
What superlative would you award each of your parents and why?
What do you hate the most about modern dating?
What is your favorite city you have been to?
Has a song ever made you cry?
What type of imaginary scenarios do you create in your head?
Where did you grow up?
What's your favorite cheesy pick-up line? Have you ever used it for real?
Ever get a tattoo?
What is the most interesting fact about you?
What is your favorite physical attribute about yourself?
Would you choose to live forever if you had the opportunity?
What's something you would never want your mother to know about you?
What are you known for amongst your friends?
Who is your role model or has had the biggest influence on your life?
Do you have a bucket list?
What was the worst job you've ever had?
What is your favorite mistake?
What would you do if I just start crying and screaming right now?
What's the most inspirational saying you've ever heard?
How many hearts did you break in the past?
Who is the closest person to you and why?
What are your current goals in life?
Are you a coffee junkie?
Do you have any fears? If so, what are they?
What's the earliest memory you have of life?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
Tell me about the best vacation you've ever taken.
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What kind of phone was your first cell phone?
What's one of your favorite childhood memories?
What do you like about what you do?
What are two of your bucket list items?
What's the greatest trick that's ever been played on you?
What's your most ‘unpopular opinion' opinion?
Did you go to college? What was your major? Where did you go?
What was your AIM screenname? Why did you choose it?
How long did it take you to start enjoying coffee?
Are you a dating pro or a novice?
Have you tried to Google me?
If a high-school stereotype were to describe you in adulthood which one would it be?
What does your idea of relaxation look like?
What's your schedule usually like?
What was the best day of your life?
What is in your fridge right now?
Is so, what's your star sign?
Are most of your friends single, dating, or married?
What do you think is the most important life lesson for someone to learn?
Coffee or tea?
What's the best advice someone has ever given you?
(restaurants, bars, etc) What never fails to make you laugh?
How do you find living in this area?
Do you believe in the afterlife?
Who has been the biggest influence on your life?
What was your first concert?
What should I know about you that I'd never think to ask about?
Do you believe men and women can “just” be friends?
What's your favourite ice cream flavour?
If you could time travel to one moment in history when would it be?
What's your perfect New Year's Eve?
What would you choose as your top meal?
Have you ever questioned your sexuality?
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
Who do you think is the most overrated/underrated actor/band?
Do you have any strong values or beliefs?
Do you have any pets?
If you were to be notable for something what would it be?
Do you have any embarrassing nicknames you'd like to share? How'd you get them?
Who would you call if you only had moments left to live?
If you could donate to any charity, which charity would it be and why?
Did you play an instruments as a kid?
What's one thing you practice on a daily basis that improves your life?
It's your 75th birthday. Where do you see yourself?
What did you want to be when you were growing up?
What's your favorite place in the entire world?
Gun to your head, must choose one: garlic bread or cinnamon rolls?
What's your point of view about the idea of forever?
Do you have a sweet tooth or a savory tooth?
Does anyone know you're on a date right now?
Are you an introvert, extrovert, or ambivert?
What was the last book you read?
If you only had 30 seconds to share one if the most important things you've learned with the world, what would it be?
What's the sweetest gift you've ever given your mother?
Are you a glass half full or glass half empty type person?
What is one day you would love to relive? (This will tell you something near and dear to your their heart in a fun way).
What is your favorite book you have read?
What's your opinion on sweatpants?
What is the most thoughtful gift you've ever received?
Are you a picky eater?
Do you love your pets as much as you love your human family members?
What's one book you've read that has caused some deep thinking?
What's your favorite way to eat ice cream?
Shark diving, bungee jumping, or sky diving?
If you could live another life as someone else who would it be?
What are you most grateful for?
Can I get you another drink?
And the best present you ever gave someone?
Are you a morning or night person?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, who would you choose to have with you?
Do you cook a lot? Do you enjoy it?
Do you have any hobbies?
Could you spend a day without your phone?
Who was someone you really looked up to when you were little — someone you considered to be a mentor?
Would you say that Cloris Leachman is basically Betty White's rebellious cousin?
What really makes you laugh?
If you had no fears, what would be the first thing you would do?
What is the longest timespan you could live without your phone?
Would you like another drink?
What is your guilty pleasure song?
What was your favorite family vacation growing up?
Have you ever lived in another country?
Why do you get up in the morning?
Are you more of a morning person or night owl?
If you were to go on a road trip, where would you go?
Where would you go on your dream vacation?
What was something that recently moved you?
Ask them to give you two “truths” and a lie. Then try to guess which one is a lie.
Who in your family are you closest to?
What is your favorite book?
Do you have any pet peeves?
What about a week?
Orange Is The New Black or House of Cards?
If you could trade lives with one person for an entire day who would it be and why?
What's your favourite weird food combination?
If you could have a superpower what would you want it to be?
Where is your happy space?
If you were an animal, what would you be and why?
What do you feel most passionate about?
What is one job you could never do?
What is something you've never done that you've always wanted to do?
Is there anyone in this world that you genuinly hate?
What's the last movie you saw?
If the world was ending in an hour, what would you do?
What are you listening to right now?
What TV show do you think was cancelled too early?
What are you worse at than 90 percent of the population?
Where's your favourite place in the world?
What do you do for a living?
What is your favorite cuisine to cook?
If you have to save one thing from your home in a fire, what would it be?
If you could live in any other U.S. city, which city would you live in?
What is your favorite article of clothing you own?
Would you describe yourself as more of an optimist, a pessimist, or a realist?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What was your worst ever job?
What combination of fixings makes your perfect burrito?
Which family member are you closest too?
Were Ross and Rachel on a break?
What has been your biggest accomplishment in life so far?
What do you find most attractive in a potential partner?
What's your favourite band/artist?
Can we try not to touch our phones for half an hour?
Who has impacted you the most in life?
What are you most excited about in your life right now?
What’s the greatest trick that’s ever been played on you?
Did you you go to university or college?
Have you tried suppressing your emotions? Has it worked?
What's one song you really relate to?
It's New York City in the 1920's. What are you doing?
If you got a girl pregnant, would you consider it a burden or a blessing?
How do you feel about me?
What would your superpower be?
What is the craziest scene or event you have ever witnessed?
What is a misconception others often have about you?
Have you ever seen a ghost? If not, do you believe they exist?
What is on your bucket list?
Do you have siblings?
What is your favorite movie?
Have you ever written poetry? What about song lyrics?
Has that goal changed and if so why?
Where did your parents grow up?
What's your ideal vacation?
Do you prefer Christmas, Halloween, New Year, or Easter?
What is one piece advice you would give to someone?
Would you rather live forever or die tomorrow?
Who are your favorite artists or bands?
Do you have any specialty cooking dishes?
Is there anywhere else you would love to live, other than here?
Do you have any dating horror stories?
What's your spirit animal?
What is one thing you still want to learn?
Do you have any vices?
Which gender stereotype about men do you hate the most?
Do you have a big family?
What's your favorite word?
Do you date a lot?
What made you ask me out/accept my invitation?
What is your most bizarre talent?
(if you met online or via a blind date friend recommendation) What do you normally do on your weekends?
Are you watching anything good right now?
What's your first ever memory?
Is there anyone in your family you really look up to?
What are you better at than 90 percent of the population?
Do you believe in magic?
What is #1 thing in your life that you are not doing that you wish you were?
Do you prefer sweet or savoury?
Would you like to go out again next week?
Do I look how you thought I would in real life?
How do you unwind?
Are you a big fan of any major pro sports team?
Do you prefer spending your time off work relaxing or doing active things?
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only two words?
Do you believe in love at first sight or do you think it's bullshit?
Are sports a part of your life at all?
Okay…so how many dates have you been on before this?
Read anything interesting lately?
When was the last time life left you breathless?
What's your favorite drink? Are you a beer or wine person?
If you could meet someone who's dead who would it be?
What would be a question you'd be afraid to tell the truth on?
If you won the lottery what would you spend it on?
What quality for you is an automatic “no way” when pursuing someone in a relationship?
On average, how long does it take you to cry yourself to sleep every night?
Do you have any trips or plans coming up?
What was the last movie that made you cry? Or the last movie that made you emotional (for people who are too embarrassed to admit a movie made them cry)?
Are you a morning or evening person?
What's one thing you wish you had known as a freshman in college?
If you had to describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What's your most irrational fear?
If you could start a band, what kind would it be and would you name it?
What was the last mistake you made that you're sure you'll probably make again?
What do you feel people take for granted the most?
If you could bring one person back from the dead, who would it be?
What accomplishments are you most proud of?
Are you following your dreams or have you given up on them?
Do you have any party tricks?
Do have a favorite color and why?
How did you spend your lockdown?
Do you stare at your ceiling before you sleep?
What celebrity do you think deserves more attention?
What's something you've always wanted to try?
What is one of the weirdest things you used to do as a teenager?
On a scale of 1-10, how much do you drench your pancakes in syrup? (1 being “a lot” and 10 being “Syrup with a side of pancakes.”)
Where is your favorite place to go on a weekday afternoon when you have no plans or obligations?
If you could have a superpower, what would you choose?
If you could live in any city, which would you choose? Why?
If I tell you our zodiac signs are super compatible, will you agree on a second date?
What do you think happens to us after we die?
If you could be a type of beer, which would you be? Why?
What's something you've been really proud of lately?
What is something you are financially saving up for currently?
If your life was a movie who would you want to play you?
What's your favorite season?
If you could travel back to any one point in time what would it be?
Whats the stupidest thing you've ever done for love?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
When's your birthday?
Are you close to your family? Do they live nearby?
Do you consider yourself to be a good person?
What did you love most about the place you grew up? What about it did you love the least?
How many sauce packets do you ask for with an order of chicken nuggets?
What is something you wish you did more of in your life and something you wish you did less of?
How long have you lived here?
Did you ever get in trouble in school? With your family?
What's your favorite thing about your job?
When was the last time you cried?
Has a book ever changed your life?
What's on your bucket list?
Was there enough room for Jack on that floating door that saved Rose?
How did you meet your best friend?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
Do you think people are born good or born evil?
Are you proud to tell people about your job or embarrassed about what you do?
Have you ever used a cheesy chat-up line in real life?
If you could choose a decade to grow up in, which would you choose?
Which significant other in your life has had the biggest impact on you and why?
If you could change one thing about the world what would it be?
Do you usually go with your gut or with your brain?
Where did you grow up at?
How many siblings do you have?
Describe one extravagance you have for which you will never apologize.
If you were going to go to the movies alone, what would be the perfect film for you to watch by yourself?
On average, how many hashtags do you include on an Instagram photo?
If you were a carbonated beverage, which one would you be?
What was your favorite subject in school?
If you had one hour left to live what would you do?
Who inspires you?
How are you going to leave your mark on the world?
Have you been single long?
The Rolling Stones or the Beatles?
What's your guilty pleasure music/TV show/movie?
If you were free to murder one person without getting punished, would you?
What would you say is your most redeeming quality?
What is your favorite Wikipedia article? (Shuddup. Everyone has one.)
Do you ever see yourself going back to school?
What is one skill you wish you could be better at?
If I were to ask your friends about you what would they say?
Where is your favorite travel get-away?
Salty snacks or desserts?
What's one surprising fact about you?
Did you always want to do what you do now?
If aliens came to Earth, would you be scared of them or would you welcome them?
What's your most used emoji?
And your superhero name?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
Do you believe in aliens or ghosts?
When you were little, where did you think you'd be by now? Are you there?
What was your best year?
What were you like as a kid?
Have you ever broken a bone? How?
What do you think is one thing that stands out about you to others?
How many times a day do you try and use The Force?
Whats your next adventure going to be?
Gin, vodka, or tequila?
What do you hate most about the dating process? (You want them to tell you so you can avoid it) ;)
What actor would play you in the movie about your life?
What's the longest amount of time you've spent binge watching something?
What food can you just not resist?
Do you have any fears?
What is a family tradition your family has?
What's your favorite book of all time?
Would the childhood version of you look up to the current version of you?
Have you ever been out of the country?
What's the worst thing that you've ever done?
What was your favorite age?
Do you have a ‘signature dish' you love to cook?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
If so, what's your favourite tipple?
Have any special skills you could teach me or introduce me to?
In which fictional world would you like to live?
Do you think an animal's life is just as valuable as a human's life?
Would you go back if you could?
Do you like your boss and co-workers?
Do you like having a big family/being an only child/having an older sister/etc?
What is your favorite athletic activity?
If you were famous, would you still want a relationship or would you sleep around?
Have you ever tried online dating?
If you could have any job aside from the one you have now, what would it be?
Would you say you're more introverted or extroverted?
When is the last time you did something courageous for yourself?
At what point in the afternoon do you change out of your pajamas?
If you had to spend a year alone with one other person who would it be and why?
What are your thoughts about someone who's a chronic over-sharer? Just curious.
Which Disney villain would you play tetherball with?
Would you like to go out again?
If you were stranded on an island, what is one item you would take with you?
What's the last show you got addicted to?
Did you enjoy school and growing up?
Who was your favorite teacher or professor?
If so, did you enjoy it?
What was the first thing you masturbated to?
Do you consider yourself a morning person or a night owl?
When is the right age for you to settle down?
If you could have any talent, which would you have?
When a friend pulls you onstage for karaoke, how many lines do you sing before you stab yourself with a stirring stick?
Do you have any nicknames?
When was the last time you went on a date?
Where would you go if the zombie apocalypse happened right this second?
Anything cool round here I should check out?
If you could live in any fantasy world, be it Hogwarts or Narnia, where would you choose? Why?
What is a piece of advice you often give but find yourself struggling to follow?
What are you passionate about?
Are you one of those people who consider dates as job interviews?
Was Leo still in a dream at the end of Inception?
Dog or cat person?
Have you ever laughed so hard you peed your pants? (Then ask what made them do it)
What are three albums (soundtracks or compilations don't count) that really define you or have shaped you as a person?
Do you think you have a purpose in life?
Who was your hero when you were a little kid?
What's your favourite movie?
Do you have any tattoos? What do they mean?
What was the longest relationship you ever had?
What's something that comes easier to you than it does for most?
Do you prefer hot or cold weather?
How many times have you been in love & what did each experience teach you?
When is your birthday?
Whats the most valuable life lesson you have learned because of a mistake?
Which has a higher spot in your priority — relationship or career?
What is your drink of choice?
If you could erase specific memories from your mind, would you?
What's your hidden talent?
What's the last thing you Googled?
What's your biggest goal right now?
What is your astrology sign?
What was your favorite toy growing up?
What do value in others?
What brings you happiness in life?
What's your favorite guilty pleasure food-wise?
What are you really passionate about and why?
If you could be friends with a celebrity who would it be and why?
Where's your dream holiday destination?
Do you think you'd be capable of murder?
Which would be harder for you to give up: coffee or alcohol?
Do you consider yourself spontaneous, or a planner?
Do you like what you see when you look in the mirror?
Are you the type of person who likes to plan things or go with the flow?
What do you want to be known for?
How did your parents meet?
What do you like about me so far?
Do you cheat when playing Monopoly most of the time or all of the time?
What's something many people fear that doesn't scare you at all?
How did you get to where you are now career-wise?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
Did you play any sports as a kid?
Does your family have any special traditions?
What's one thing you cannot live without?
What was the last book you read without skipping through anything?
What is one TV show you're embarrassed to admit you watch?
Do you have, or have you ever had, a mentor?
What is the most random thing you've ever watched all the way through on Netflix?
What's your favourite Disney film?
Is it obvious that I've dressed up for this special occasion?
Have you ever had your heart broken?
Who's your favorite Game of Thrones character? Tyrion or Tyrion?
Where do you work?
What's your favorite piece of clothing that you own?
What do you usually do on the weekends?
What's something that you sometimes outwardly wish more people realized about you, but you're happy is internalized because to be able to sit on this information makes you stronger?
How are you finding it?
What's your first impression of me?
What's the best present you ever got?
If you could send a message to your younger self, what would it say?
Who inspires you? Who do you aspire to be like?
Do you feel things deeply? Immensely? Greatly?
What's the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?
What are you most excited about for the future?
What's one character (could be from TV, a movie, or book) you identify with?
Are you a cat person or dog person?
If you were on I'm A Celeb, what would your luxury item be?
Which family member are you most similar to?
When it comes to love and relationships, what is the first lesson you want to teach your children?
Who’s your favorite Game of Thrones character? Tyrion or Tyrion?
Have you ever changed career paths?
What's something that instantly makes someone less attractive?
Do you easily get bored?
What's in your freezer right now?
What is something you've always wanted to try but have been too scared to?
How long have you been single?
What's the last book your read?
What is the last book you read? Did you like it?
What's your favorite way to spend a weekend?
If you had to name one thing that really makes your day, what would it be?
Do you think it's the little things or grand gestures that count the most?
Do you drink?
What's an accomplishment you are really proud of?
Are you okay talking about feelings?
Have you ghosted someone before?
What's a book that you'd love to see be made into a movie?
What skill or talent do you wish you had or were better at?
Burgers or pizza?
Would you rather be hideous or illiterate?
Were you closer with your mom or your dad growing up?
What quality is your automatic “no fucking way” when pursuing a potential relationship?
The stupidest thing you've ever spent money on?
What's your favorite joke?
What was your worst date ever?
What is the best gift you've ever received?
Bulbasaur, Squirtle, or Charmander?
What was a situation that you initially thought was terrible, but ended up being a blessing in disguise?
Which fictional character do you relate the most to?
Complete the following: There would be fewer divorces in this country if only people ________.
Would you say you fit into any ‘subcultures' when you were younger?
What do you think is your greatest strength?
Do you believe in astrology? When's your birthday?
What was the last thing you learned that made a big impact on you or an ah-ha moment?
What's one lie you've told that you were caught in?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you resent your exes or do you wish them well?
Do you follow astrology?
Who is a character from a TV show or a book that you've always resonated with?
How'd you get started in your career?
Are you more of an indoors or outdoors person?
If you could invite five people, dead or alive, to a dinner party, who would you choose and why?
If you got put in jail, who would your one phone call be to?
Would you lie to keep your best friend out of prison?
What are your favorite restaurants in the area?
If you won the lottery, what's the first thing you would buy?
What are your friends like?
(emo, mod, indie kid, etc) What's your favourite season?
What trajectory are you hoping to push yourself onto? Where do you want to head?
What is your favorite holiday? How do you celebrate it?
Have you ever broken a bone?
What's your biggest pet hate?
What three U.S. cities would you never, ever move to even for the job offer of your dreams?
What animal would you say I was?
What’s one book you’ve read that has caused some deep thinking?
What fact about you surprises people the most?
What's your mom's favorite memory of you as a kid?
What is the most thoughtful gift you've ever given?
Where did you make your closest friends?
What do you like the most about (insert city of residence)?
What cartoon character do you most identify with?
Where would you say is your ‘happy place'?
Will you believe me if I say I didn't totally check your social media accounts on my way here?
If you just won $1 million, what would you do with it?
What's your favorite thing to do when no one's looking?
What is your favorite way to spend your time off?
How long have you prepared for this date?
If you could pick an emoji to best describe you which one would it be?
What was the first album you bought, and why did you buy it?
And the hardest?
If you were an animal, what do you think you'd be?
Who are your favorite celebrity twins and how many days has it been since you last watched Passport to Paris?
You spot a terrifying-looking spider a foot away from you. How do you react?
Where is your family from?
What's the weirdest thing someone's caught you doing?